What do you call a horde of undead llamas? The Zombie Alpacalypse
A horse walks into a bar. The bar tender says "Hey." The horse says "Sure."
What has three letters and starts with gas? A Car.
I’m only familiar with 25 letters in the English language. I don’t know why.
You know that cemetery up the road? People are dying to get in there.
Hear about the new restaurant called Karma? There’s no menu: You get what you deserve.
Did you hear about the cheese who saved the world? It was Legend-dairy!
What did one nut say as he chased another nut?  I'm a cashew!
Why is no one friends with Dracula? Because he's a pain in the neck.
At the boxing match, the dad got into the popcorn line and the line for hot dogs, but he wanted to stay out of the punchline.
I knew I shouldn't steal a mixer from work, but it was a whisk I was willing to take.
I asked the surgeon if I could administer my own anesthetic, they said: go ahead, knock yourself out.
There’s a new type of broom out, it’s sweeping the nation.
The best time on a clock is 6:30--hands down.
Velcro… What a rip-off.
What did celery say when he broke up with his girlfriend? She wasn't right for me, so I really don't carrot all.
Have you heard about corduroy pillows? They're making headlines!
“My Dog has no nose.” “How does he smell?” “Awful”
Why did the burglar hang his mugshot on the wall? To prove that he was framed!
What does a clock do when it's hungry? It goes back four seconds!
Why is no one friends with Dracula? Because he's a pain in the neck.
What did the traffic light say to the car as it passed? "Don't look I'm changing!"
I'm afraid for the calendar. Its days are numbered.
My wife said I should do lunges to stay in shape. That would be a big step forward.
Why do fathers take an extra pair of socks when they go golfing?" "In case they get a hole in one!
Singing in the shower is fun until you get soap in your mouth. Then it's a soap opera.
What do a tick and the Eiffel Tower have in common?" "They're both Paris sites.
What do you call a fish wearing a bowtie?" "Sofishticated.
How do you follow Will Smith in the snow?" "You follow the fresh prints.
If April showers bring May flowers, what do May flowers bring?" "Pilgrims.
I thought the dryer was shrinking my clothes. Turns out it was the refrigerator all along.
What do you call a factory that makes okay products?" "A satisfactory.
Dear Math, grow up and solve your own problems.
What did the janitor say when he jumped out of the closet?" "Supplies!
Have you heard about the chocolate record player? It sounds pretty sweet.
What did the ocean say to the beach?" "Nothing, it just waved.
Why do seagulls fly over the ocean?" "Because if they flew over the bay, we'd call them bagels.
I only know 25 letters of the alphabet. I don't know y.
How does the moon cut his hair?" "Eclipse it.
What did one wall say to the other?" "I'll meet you at the corner.
What did the zero say to the eight?" "That belt looks good on you.
A skeleton walks into a bar and says, 'Hey, bartender. I'll have one beer and a mop.'
Where do fruits go on vacation?" "Pear-is!
I asked my dog what's two minus two. He said nothing.
What did Baby Corn say to Mama Corn?" "Where's Pop Corn?
What's the best thing about Switzerland?" "I don't know, but the flag is a big plus.
What does a sprinter eat before a race?" "Nothing, they fast!
Where do you learn to make a banana split?" "Sundae school.
What has more letters than the alphabet?" "The post office!
Dad, did you get a haircut?" "No, I got them all cut!
What do you call a poor Santa Claus?" "St. Nickel-less.
I got carded at a liquor store, and my Blockbuster card accidentally fell out. The cashier said never mind.
Where do boats go when they're sick?" "To the boat doc.
I don't trust those trees. They seem kind of shady.
My wife is really mad at the fact that I have no sense of direction. So I packed up my stuff and right!
How do you get a squirrel to like you? Act like a nut.
Why don't eggs tell jokes? They'd crack each other up.
I don't trust stairs. They're always up to something.
What do you call someone with no body and no nose? Nobody knows.
Did you hear the rumor about butter? Well, I'm not going to spread it!
Why couldn't the bicycle stand up by itself? It was two tired.
What did one hat say to the other?" "Stay here! I'm going on ahead.
Why did Billy get fired from the banana factory? He kept throwing away the bent ones.
Dad, can you put my shoes on?" "No, I don't think they'll fit me.
Why can't a nose be 12 inches long? Because then it would be a foot.
What does a lemon say when it answers the phone?" "Yellow!
This graveyard looks overcrowded. People must be dying to get in.
What kind of car does an egg drive?" "A yolkswagen.
Dad, can you put the cat out?" "I didn't know it was on fire.
How do you make 7 even?" "Take away the s.
How does a taco say grace?" "Lettuce pray.
What time did the man go to the dentist? Tooth hurt-y.
Why didn't the skeleton climb the mountain?" "It didn't have the guts.
What do you call it when a snowman throws a tantrum?" "A meltdown.
How many tickles does it take to make an octopus laugh? Ten tickles.
I have a joke about chemistry, but I don't think it will get a reaction.
What concert costs just 45 cents? 50 Cent featuring Nickelback!
What does a bee use to brush its hair?" "A honeycomb!
How do you make a tissue dance? You put a little boogie in it.
Why did the math book look so sad? Because of all of its problems!
What do you call cheese that isn't yours? Nacho cheese.
My dad told me a joke about boxing. I guess I missed the punch line.
What kind of shoes do ninjas wear? Sneakers!
How does a penguin build its house? Igloos it together.
How did Harry Potter get down the hill?" "Walking. JK! Rowling.
I used to be addicted to soap, but I'm clean now.
A guy walks into a bar...and he was disqualified from the limbo contest.
You think swimming with sharks is expensive? Swimming with sharks cost me an arm and a leg.
When two vegans get in an argument, is it still called a beef?
I ordered a chicken and an egg from Amazon. I'll let you know...
Do you wanna box for your leftovers?" "No, but I'll wrestle you for them.
That car looks nice but the muffler seems exhausted.
Shout out to my fingers. I can count on all of them.
If a child refuses to nap, are they guilty of resisting a rest?
What country's capital is growing the fastest?" "Ireland. Every day it's Dublin.
I once had a dream I was floating in an ocean of orange soda. It was more of a fanta sea.
Did you know corduroy pillows are in style? They're making headlines.
Did you hear about the kidnapping at school? It's okay, he woke up.
A cheeseburger walks into a bar. The bartender says, 'Sorry, we don't serve food here.'
I once got fired from a canned juice company. Apparently I couldn't concentrate.
I used to play piano by ear. Now I use my hands.
Have you ever tried to catch a fog? I tried yesterday but I mist.
I'm on a seafood diet. I see food and I eat it.
Why did the scarecrow win an award? Because he was outstanding in his field.
I made a pencil with two erasers. It was pointless.
How do you make a Kleenex dance? Put a little boogie in it!
I'm reading a book about anti-gravity. It's impossible to put down!
Did you hear about the guy who invented the knock-knock joke? He won the 'no-bell' prize.
I've got a great joke about construction, but I'm still working on it.
I used to hate facial hair...but then it grew on me.
I decided to sell my vacuum cleaner—it was just gathering dust!
I had a neck brace fitted years ago and I've never looked back since.
You know, people say they pick their nose, but I feel like I was just born with mine.
What's brown and sticky? A stick.
Why can't you hear a psychiatrist using the bathroom? Because the 'P' is silent.
What do you call an elephant that doesn't matter? An irrelephant.
What do you get from a pampered cow? Spoiled milk.
I like telling Dad jokes. Sometimes he laughs!
What's the best smelling insect?" "A deodor-ant.
I used to be a personal trainer. Then I gave my too weak notice.
Did I tell you the time I fell in love during a backflip? I was heels over head!
If a child refuses to sleep during nap time, are they guilty of resisting a rest?
I ordered a chicken and an egg online. I’ll let you know.
It takes guts to be an organ donor.
If you see a crime at an Apple Store, does that make you an iWitness?
I'm so good at sleeping, I can do it with my eyes closed!
I was going to tell a time-traveling joke, but you guys didn't like it.
What do you call a fake noodle?" "An impasta.
What do you call a belt made of watches?" "A waist of time.
What happens when a strawberry gets run over crossing the street?" "Traffic jam.
What do you call two monkeys that share an Amazon account?" "Prime mates.
What do you call a pony with a sore throat?" "A little hoarse.
Where do math teachers go on vacation?" "Times Square.
Whenever I try to eat healthy, a chocolate bar looks at me and Snickers.
What does garlic do when it gets hot?" "It takes its cloves off.
What's a robot's favorite snack?" "Computer chips.
How much does it cost Santa to park his sleigh?" "Nothing, it's on the house.
Mountains aren't just funny. They're hill areas.
What do clouds wear?" "Thunderwear.
Why are piggy banks so wise?" "They're filled with common cents.
Why is Peter Pan always flying?" "He neverlands.
How do you get a good price on a sled?" "You have toboggan.
How can you tell if a tree is a dogwood tree?" "By its bark.
I used to hate facial hair, but then it grew on me.
It's inappropriate to make a 'dad joke' if you're not a dad. It's a faux pa.
What do you call a hot dog on wheels?" "Fast food!
Where do young trees go to learn?" "Elementree school.
Did you hear about the circus fire? It was in tents.
Can February March? No, but April May!
How do lawyers say goodbye? We'll be suing ya!
Wanna hear a joke about paper? Never mind—it's tearable.
What's the best way to watch a fly fishing tournament? Live stream.
Spring is here! I got so excited I wet my plants.
I could tell a joke about pizza, but it's a little cheesy.
Don't trust atoms. They make up everything!
When does a joke become a dad joke? When it becomes apparent.
I wouldn't buy anything with velcro. It's a total rip-off.
What’s an astronaut’s favorite part of a computer? The space bar.
I don't play soccer because I enjoy the sport. I'm just doing it for kicks!
Why are elevator jokes so classic and good? They work on many levels.
Why do bees have sticky hair? Because they use a honeycomb.
What do you call a fake noodle? An impasta.
Which state has the most streets? Rhode Island.
What did the coffee report to the police? A mugging.
What did the fish say when he hit the wall? Dam.
Is this pool safe for diving? It deep ends.
If you see a crime happen at the Apple store, what does it make you? An iWitness.
Which bear is the most condescending? A pan-duh!
What kind of noise does a witch’s vehicle make? Brrrroooom, brrroooom.
What’s brown and sticky? A stick.
Two guys walked into a bar. The third guy ducked.
How do you get a country girl’s attention? A tractor.
Why are elevator jokes so classic and good? They work on many levels.
What do you call a pudgy psychic? A four-chin teller.
What did the police officer say to his belly-button? You’re under a vest.
What do you call it when a group of apes starts a company? Monkey business.
My wife asked me to stop singing “Wonderwall” to her. I said maybe…
What kind of drink can be bitter and sweet? Reali-tea.
What do you call a naughty lamb dressed up like a skeleton for Halloween? Baaad to the bone.
Want to know why nurses like red crayons? Sometimes they have to draw blood.
What would the Terminator be called in his retirement? The Exterminator.
What did Tennessee? The same thing as Arkansas.
My wife asked me to go get 6 cans of Sprite from the grocery store. I realized when I got home that I had picked 7 up.
Why do bees have sticky hair? Because they use a honeycomb.
Why do some couples go to the gym? Because they want their relationship to work out.
What do you call an angry musician flipping someone off? A song bird.
What’s the most detail-oriented ocean? The Pacific.
Did you hear about the kidnapping at school? It’s fine, he woke up.
How can you tell it’s a dogwood tree? By the bark.
My boss told me to have a good day, so I went home.
Why did the man fall down the well? Because he couldn’t see that well.
When does a joke become a “dad joke?” When it becomes apparent.
Why is Peter Pan always flying? Because he Neverlands.
Which state has the most streets? Rhode Island.
What do you call 26 letters that went for a swim? Alphawetical.
What’s the name of a very polite, European body of water? Merci.
Why was the color green notoriously single? It was always so jaded.
I used to hate facial hair, but then it grew on me.
I want to make a brief joke, but it’s a little cheesy.
Why did the coach go to the bank? To get his quarterback.
How do celebrities stay cool? They have many fans.
Sundays are always a little sad, but the day before is a sadder day.
5/4 of people admit they’re bad at fractions.
Why did the bedding hide their relationship? They just wanted something pillow-key!
You’re American when you go into a bathroom and when you come out, but what are you while you’re in the bathroom? European.
I’ve been thinking about taking up meditation. I figure it’s better than sitting around doing nothing.
Dogs can’t operate MRI machines. But catscan.
What did the flowers do when the bride walked down the aisle? They rose.
It takes guts to be an organ donor.
What does “Rockin’ Robin” do when she’s bored? Tweet.
I lost my job at the bank on my first day. A woman asked me to check her balance, so I pushed her over.
How do you row a canoe filled with puppies? Bring out the doggy paddle.
Singing in the shower is fun until you get soap in your mouth. Then it becomes a soap opera.
Why were the utensils stuck together? They were spooning.
What’s a crafty dancer’s favorite hobby? Cutting a rug.
How does a penguin build his house? Igloos it together.
What kind of music do chiropractors like? Hip pop.
What kind of shoes does a lazy person wear? Loafers.
Why is cold water so insecure? Because it’s never called hot.
To whoever stole my copy of Microsoft Office, I will find you. You have my Word!
I'll call you later. Don't call me later, call me Dad!
How do celebrities stay cool? They have many fans.
What's Forrest Gump's Facebook password? 1forest1.
What do you call it when Batman skips church? Christian Bale.
What time did the man go to the dentist? Tooth hurt-y.
Did you hear about the man who fell into an upholstery machine? He's fully recovered.
Why didn't the melons get married? Because they cantaloupe.
What kind of egg did the evil chicken lay? A deviled egg.
Why did the coach go to the bank? To get his quarter back.
Why does Snoop Dogg always carry an umbrella? Fo' Drizzle.
What did the fisherman say to the magician? Pick a cod, any cod.
What do you call a fake noodle? An impasta.
Which is faster, hot or cold? Hot, because you can catch a cold.
How do you organize a space party? You planet.
Did you know that milk is the fastest liquid on earth? It's pasteurized before you even see it.
Why are skeletons so calm? Because nothing gets under their skin.
What did one ocean say to the other ocean? Nothing, they just waved.
What does a baby computer call his father? Data.
Did you hear about the power outlet who got into a fight with a power cord? He thought he could socket to him.
Why are elevator jokes so good? They work on so many levels.
Why can't a leopard hide? Because he's always spotted.
How do moths swim? Using the butterfly stroke.
How many tickles does it take to make an octopus laugh? 10 tickles.
Do you know the story about the chicken that crossed the border? Me neither, I couldn't follow it.
I made a pencil with two erasers. It was pointless.
How do you make a Kleenex dance? Put a little boogie in it!
What do you get from a pampered cow? Spoiled milk!
What do you call an illegally parked frog? Toad.
Where do baby cats learn to swim? The kitty pool.
Why are spiders so smart? They can find everything on the web.
How can a leopard change his spots? By moving.
It's inappropriate to make a 'dad joke' if you're not a dad. It's a faux pa.
Did you hear about the circus fire? It was in tents.
Can February March? No, but April May!
How can you tell it's a dogwood tree? From the bark.
How do lawyers say goodbye? We'll be suing ya!
Wanna hear a joke about paper? Never mind—it's tearable.
What's the best way to watch a fly fishing tournament? Live stream.
I could tell a joke about pizza, but it's a little cheesy.
Don't trust atoms. They make up everything!
When does a joke become a dad joke? When it becomes apparent.
I wouldn't buy anything with velcro. It's a total rip-off.
What's an astronaut's favorite part of a computer? The space bar.
I like telling Dad jokes. Sometimes he laughs!
What did the drummer call his twin daughters? Anna one, Anna two!
How did Darth Vader know what Luke got him for Christmas? He felt his presents!
Did you hear about the chameleon who couldn't change color? He had a reptile dysfunction.
I wanted to go on a diet, but I feel like I have way too much on my plate right now.
Want to hear a joke about construction? I'm still working on it.
What’s Forrest Gump’s password? 1forrest1
What sound does a witches car make? Broom Broom
To whoever stole my copy of Microsoft Office, I will find you. You have my Word!
What does a zombie vegetarian eat? “GRRRAAAIINS!”
This graveyard looks overcrowded. People must be dying to get in there.
What does a nosey pepper do? It gets jalapeno business!
I tell dad jokes, but I don't have any kids. I'm a faux pa.
Whenever the cashier at the grocery store asks my dad if he would like the milk in a bag he replies, "No, just leave it in the carton!"
Two goldfish are in a tank. One says to the other, "do you know how to drive this thing?"
What’s that Nevada city where all the dentists visit? Floss Vegas.
Atheism is a non-prophet organization.
You’re American when you go into the bathroom, and you’re American when you come out, but do you know what you are while you’re in there? European.
Why did the picture go to jail? Because it was framed.
What do you call a bear without any teeth? A gummy bear!
What do you call a hippie's wife? Mississippi.
The shovel was a ground-breaking invention.
Dad, can you put the cat out? I didn't know it was on fire.
Does anyone need an ark? I Noah guy!
How do you make holy water? You boil the hell out of it.
5/4 of people admit that they’re bad with fractions.
What do you call a man with a rubber toe? Roberto.
I would avoid the sushi if I was you. It’s a little fishy.
To the man in the wheelchair that stole my camouflage jacket... You can hide but you can't run.
What do you call a fish with two knees? A two-knee fish!
I bought some shoes from a drug dealer. I don't know what he laced them with, but I was tripping all day!
The rotation of earth really makes my day.
I thought about going on an all-almond diet. But that's just nuts.
Did you know the first French fries weren't actually cooked in France? They were cooked in Greece.
I’ve never gone to a gun range before. I decided to give it a shot!
What's black and white and goes around and around? A penguin in a revolving door.
Why do you never see elephants hiding in trees? Because they're so good at it.
My son screeched, "Daaaaaad, you haven't listened to one word I've said, have you!?" What a strange way to start a conversation with me...
Did you hear about the kidnapping at school? It's fine, he woke up.
What did the caretaker say when they jumped out of the store cupboard? “Supplies!”
If a child refuses to sleep during nap time, are they guilty of resisting a rest?
A furniture store keeps calling me. All I wanted was one night stand.
I used to work in a shoe recycling shop. It was sole destroying.
Did I tell you the time I fell in love during a backflip? I was heels over head.
My wife is really mad at the fact that I have no sense of direction. So I packed up my stuff and right.
Did you hear about the restaurant on the moon? Great food, no atmosphere.
When does a joke become a dad joke? When it becomes apparent!
What do you call a fake noodle? An Impasta.